
              About the FUSION package

Change management is an important aspect of any Information
System environment, as it is necessary to provide a method of
migrating test code to the production system and a method of
applying 3rd party vendor code to the production system.  Many
test systems involve concurrent development, meaning that more
than one programmer may have code applied to a test program.
When a programmer needs to apply the code to the production
system, he or she will have to  cut and paste  the code to
production.  The  cut and paste  method can be complicated and
time consuming if many lines of code are involved or if many
modules need to be updated.  Commercial code migration systems
are available to assist in migrating code.  But due to cost
constraints of purchasing such a system, I developed the FUSION
code management system that provides the basis for managing the
migration of complicated coding changes.

FUSION takes advantage of the existing components of the MVS
system, mainly REXX/ISPF and the SUPERC comparison utility.
SUPERC is an accurate comparison tool that summarizes program
comparisons in terms of code inserts and deletes.  FUSION,
therefore, is a post-processor that utilizes this information to
rebuild the updated file.  The result is a versatile code
migration tool that eliminates much of the time ordinarily spent
cutting and pasting  code from one module version to another, and
provides a two tier comparison routine to allow the programmer to
verify the results of the compare.

